I'm going to be honest with you (as usual!!) - I didn't really understand what all the fuss was about LifeLong Vitality (LLV). I didn't understand how a supplement was our best seller! I fell in love with doTERRA for the oils, not the other products.

But I tried them anyway - just to see what all the fuss was about. It was risk free because of the 30 day guarantee (more on this later). I didn't really notice a change but then when I stopped them, boy did I notice!

When I started them again, I paid closer attention and did a bit of an experiment. I'd take them for a week and then go off them for up to a week and notice what was happening as I went.

So - here's what I noticed when I was taking them:

INCREASED ENERGY
BETTER MOOD
MORE STAMINA 
A FEELING OF VITALITY + RESILIENCE!!

And when I stopped them?

Less energy
More variable mood
Feeling tired easily (walking up the hill from daycare pickup felt exhausting)
I felt OLD

When I've taken Multivitamins or supplements in the past, I never noticed any change that I could actually FEEL. And this observation is not unique. Most people comment that they FEEL better, stronger, healthier, more vital, happier... the list goes on... when they take LLV.

So what's in it I hear you ask?

doTERRA Alpha CRS+ Cellular Vitality Complex is a proprietary formula combining potent levels of natural botanical extracts that support healthy cell function with important metabolic factors of cellular energy.

Phew! Basically, it is a cleanser. It helps our digestive system to deal with all the foods we put into it - some of which we know aren't that good but taste so good! (we've all got our vices - one of mine is that I love a cream bun from the bakery, you know the ones that have jam on them?).

doTERRA Microplex VMz Food Nutrient Complex is a food nutrient formula of bioavailable vitamins and minerals that are deficient in our modern diets.

This is basically a multivitamin on steroids.

doTERRA xEO Mega Essential Oil Omega Complex is a unique formula of CPTG Certified Pure Therapeutic Grade® essential oils and a proprietary blend of marine and land-sourced omega fatty acids. xEO Mega also includes 800 IU of natural vitamin D, 20 IU of natural vitamin E, and 1 mg of pure astaxanthin, a powerful antioxidant carotenoid* harvested from microalgae.

Basically, it's fatty acids and omegas. Both of which we lose as we age (or get stressed). We need an outside source of fatty acids and omegas for optimal functioning of our brain, heart and liver.

These three supplements work together in synergy to help our body maintain equilibrium. It's like eating 12 servings of fruit and vegetables each day - but in some tablets.

Of course - this doesn't mean it's a meal replacement!! We all need to eat healthily too!

As I mentioned earlier, another great thing about LLV is that it has a 30 day guarantee. If you purchase it through me on the membership program and aren't satisfied, you can return it for a full refund.

WOW - how many supplements offer that?

Sold yet? I am!!

